Ahhh
You haven't gotten up yet
I'm sorry.
You don't look at the road when you walk.
What bad luck! I'm still live streaming PK
You lost this PK game.
Give benefits to fans
Famous anchor Li Fei'er's favorability -100
Just try this system
As long as the favorability reaches 100
Even if the strategy is successful
The money you spend on yourself will be returned tenfold in due time.
I'm sorry.
Can I buy you a meal as an apology?
Don't even take a piss and look at yourself
You want to chat with me even though you are so poor?
Let's just eat.
You caused me to fail in the live PK
I also want to give benefits to fans.
Or you can buy me the gift and scan the code
Since you want to die
I'll just make you look bad.
No problem
I don't know if this is enough to collect the payment.
88,000 NTD
Favorability +20
Can you add me as a friend, beautiful lady?
Is he an invisible rich second generation?
Sure, but you have to go somewhere with me first.
I'm not a gold digger.
I just want to see your sincerity.
Aren't you treating me like a victim?
But it suits me
Lin Feng
We have broken up
Lin Feng, you are still following me shamelessly
Don't you feel particularly disgusting?